Pail & Shovel
=============

My CakePHP Shopify Project. 

It's what I base my new Shopify App projects off of.

Putting it out there maybe it will help someone else.

I'll be adding tools I need when developing. You can install your own copy, or use my hosted copy.

It's set up to be development shop friendly.

[Shovel & Pail](http://shovel-and-pail.amihod.com)

Stuff it already has
--------------------

* Login someone by shop name
* Random Product Loader - Load up your store with some random products. For the random word list, it uses vendors/random_words.txt (original source `/usr/share/dict/web2a`). You can change it to whatever you want, should be fine.
* Decent example of all the charging options.

Giving the App Access to your Store
-----------------------------------

Just visit the home page and try to login with the name of your store.

Usage
-----

* You will need [CakePHP 1.3](http://www.cakephp.org), and know how to set up an app.
* Uses PHP ShopifyAPI and DebugKit - You will need those in vendors folder. If you git checkout this project, just do git submodule init, then git submodule update to get them. 
* setup config/shopify.php from config/shopify.php.default
* setup config/database.php from config/database.php.default. You will need to setup a db: `config/schema/shopify_devtools.sql`
* setup config/core.php from config/core.php.default
* setup webroot/index.php from webroot/index.php.default.
* and the tmp folders. tmp/cache/models, tmp/cache/persistent 

Setting up a Shopify App
------------------------

* Go set one up, and set the return url to be whatever your homepage is. 

Todo
----

* Turn the App Controller beforeFilter stuff into Shopify plugin/component, so can componenet=array('Shopify.Shopify).
* Get blank tmp folders setup in repo.